wifi: samples: Add offloaded raw tx mode sample (#17570)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/offloaded_raw_tx/README.rst

.. _wifi_offloaded_raw_tx_packet_sample:

Wi-Fi: Offloaded raw TX
#######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Offloaded raw TX sample demonstrates how to use the `Offloaded raw TX` APIs provided by the nRF70 driver for transmitting raw packets.

Reviewer: This is causing the build error hence suggest to revert back to the original mention of "Wi-Fi driver".

.. _wifi_offloaded_raw_tx_packet_sample:

Wi-Fi: Offloaded raw TX
#######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Offloaded raw TX sample demonstrates how to use the offloaded raw transmit APIs provided by the :ref:`nrf700x_wifi` for transmitting raw packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Offloaded raw TX sample demonstrates how to use the offloaded raw transmit APIs provided by the nRF Wi-Fi driver for transmitting raw packets.
```
